so I understand
yeah yeah absolutely yeah well I got I
got some I got some I got some digits
man I got some digits which is a
fantastic you know and wait'll you see
them yeah now do you find that when
you're out in your daily life and people
are talking about to the show
do they assume that you are actually
missing fingers and realizing look at my
hands I was you know I'm seeing a
hamburger in New York City you know and
I said a bar eating a hamburger and this
guy was staring at my hands and I had no
idea what he was staring at my answer
then I realized oh man he's looking at
my fingers he's trying to figure it out
people actually think that yeah I mean
they asked me wow you have you have
fingers but like in a realistic way yeah
yeah this season you're kind of the Luke
Skywalker of sons of anarchy what do you
mean yeah fingers that's it absolutely
right yeah so you know you're Chuck he's
really gone from being like kind of a
pariah someone who's very looked down
upon
he's almost sort of part of the group in
a way is that is that relationship gonna
continue to evolve yeah I mean I believe
so I mean the guy's useful I mean he's
really adaptable he's really resilient
and he's really committed and he's very
loyal
you know he's found a home here and and
he's making himself useful as useful as
possible he's a soldier you know he
really is count a home and he's fighting
for it
exciting for them we'll do anything
absolutely anything and every time you
know it's like that saying uh you know
fall down seven stand up eight that's
Chuckie you know what I love that
now with the this season I know kind of
the story arc there's going to be some
fraying within the club and different
loyalties going in different directions
once again can you give us any
indication of where Chucky's loyalties
might lie within the group well I think
I think you know I don't think he's that
kind of I don't think he's that kind of
guy I think he's the kind of guy who
kind of goes from moment to moment
realistically honestly and you know kind
of kind of uh adapts to
what is needed at any particular moment
you know that kind of person that's what
that's what he is you know what I mean
yeah it's a good kind of person to know
it's like almost like you know it's an
in is innocent
you know he's an innocent child like in
that way now what do you find is the
most common question you're getting
about this season is it
why did Charlie cut his hair see people
ask that a lot people ask that yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I mean it makes sense
right you know I mean that's you know it
would make sense that somebody would do
that in prison right I mean I would
probably do that in fritter I would get
rid of the hair you know I mean
especially if you're as pretty as he is
absolutely man I would just take the
whole the whole thing off last question
for you a favorite guest star this
season there's a lot there's a lot of
cool ones oh yeah man wait till you see
the guest or is this season it's really
awesome you know I mean yeah so just I'm
gonna let you watch the guest stars okay
yeah yeah well thanks so much
Congrats